That decision will certainly lead to public discontent.
I will neither confirm nor deny anything in this matter.
That is what we need in the European Union.
There is not an awful lot that can be done about that.
Graefe zu Baringdorf Report (A5-0079/2001)
We can then decide what tools to use.
This ‘monster’ has a monopoly on tabling bills.
I should like to refer very briefly to some of the points highlighted.
In the light of this, can we talk of free and fair competition?
Let me start with your first question.
Homelessness particularly affects the young, the old and other vulnerable groups in society.
However, the fact is that cities and their entire infrastructure are built by people.
Things are looking quite bad.
I am sorry to say that this year's report does not fulfil these requirements.
One example is the TEN-T rail transport project.
Why was this necessary?
MIKE (monitoring of illegal killing of elephants) does not work.
This also applies to the setting up of a reception scheme for displaced persons.
The facts will show this.
Here, the proposal to opt for two models is a sound one.
They want Europe to be safer, freer and more just.
(Parliament rejected the proposal for referral back to committee)
I can give you examples of what I have seen.
On this occasion, though, I believe we have got the balance right.
We need to step up our efforts.
That, precisely, is one of the problems.
Would you please be a little clearer about the issue of testing?
...let alone the re-weighting of votes, numbers of Commissioners and so on.
The second point is that the funding is therefore not complete.
The Commission then submitted a proposed amendment package, which was accepted in 1998.
That could be done by means of a split vote.
We needed cool, calm reflection on this.
We can indeed attempt to obtain an objective view of this question.
I hope that the Commission is able to accept the present amendment.
But we want success, success in 2004, no failure and no delay.
In addition, the campaign of intimidation has now also turned against the judiciary itself.
With your support we have also strengthened the provisions on non-discrimination and sustainable development.
The European Parliament needs to find the right balance.
The second item concerns qualified staff as outlined in Paragraph 14.
Clearly, the expenses paid must reflect that.
It has been difficult to discuss this sensibly in Parliament.
It has the right of initiative but it is not the European government.
So it really is a bit much.
I would be grateful if we did not hold up this debate any longer.
The visit taught us a great deal.
We must, therefore, start by defining national strategies.
The order did not become valid until 6 February.
Half of the unemployed in the European Union are long-term unemployed.
We propose a procedure like the Luxembourg process.
The radio spectrum auctions in the European market were a catastrophe.
(EL) Madam President, Commission, the gold is sitting there; it cannot escape.
Slavery is on the increase throughout the world, including in Europe.
The French model could offer a workable, viable solution for the immediate future.
The EU has set itself the target of a 20% reduction below 1990 levels.
The status of Abyei remains uncertain.
This, too, is a matter for the individual countries to act on.
We must get rid of this deficit, which is why we need economic governance.
Either way, they are values that we should promote and respect.
This seems unlikely for the foreseeable future.
That is the line that we will pursue in the vote afterwards as well.
The level of stress caused by bullying and harassment in a workplace is tremendous.
The task force and the Deauville route have failed.
Would you really like the Commission to renounce its responsibilities under the Treaty?
At the same time, Europe has just partially introduced obligatory visas or visa charges.
That is an important inclusion within the body of the report.
In particular I would like to mention the eEurope 2005 action plan.
Amendments which lower the requirements for SMEs are not acceptable.
In conclusion, recent events have posed a real challenge to the European Union.
There is one part of this report on which no joint decisions are possible.
Mr President, I thank Commissioner Papoutsis for his response.
But I believe you spoke yesterday as well.
Let us take a calm approach to this.
A number of concepts or issues are raised in this proposal.
The new Commission must be genuinely new in terms of people, thinking and action.
I am referring to the revision of the Treaties.
The relevant case law exists for such action.
It is enough to defy anyone’s powers of comprehension.
That being so, the Commission has a duty to act.
The European Union would like to see Mr Karadzic and Mr Mladic relinquishing power.
I really do not understand at all.
We must be practical and sensible in our approach, but we must act.
This was a necessary step.
At the Copenhagen Summit, Lithuania promised to shut down Ignalina in 2009.
However, we have learnt lessons since then.
For this reason, I believe the proposal for a directive was necessary.
I am particularly pleased that there was major progress in the Intergovernmental Conference.
I also believe that this is a question of practical importance.
Israel is in the frontline of that war.
in writing. - Information regarding consumer products has become essential.
In January 2005, Presidents Barroso and Lulla da Silva met in Davos.
I totally agree with Mr Martinez who spoke earlier.
How much time does France need to reform pensions?
The IEA has produced comparative studies of worldwide refrigerator norms.
Thank you very much, Mr Mulder.
Thank you very much, Mr Mulder.
Use of criminal law to protect the environment (vote)
Mr President, 2 May was a historic day.
I voted for the report for the reasons given above.
Unless there is proof to the contrary, that is the truth.
The answer I always give, and give again, is "yes".
Europe's great power of attraction resides in its cultural, geographical, historical and ethnic variety.
Then we wouldn 't have to carry around three, four or five different cards.
It is therefore our responsibility to address these problems now, without waiting until 2006.
I should like to express my special thanks for your contribution, Commissioner.
We must emerge from this crisis with an active growth policy in place.
There needs to be an integrated approach concerning the states neighbouring Iraq.
A total of 206.4 million euros is being proposed for the Balkans.
It forms a solid basis for further development.
It is not about changing the VAT regime.
A blame game of this kind will do nothing to bring about constructive solutions.
(EL) Madam President, I thank the Commissioner for his comments.
The same applies to the proposed financing procedure.
It is not one that is necessarily shared by all my Socialist colleagues.
We tried over and over again to see whether it was possible.
You can only make points of order to the Chair.
We do not want mergers and concentration, which damages cultural diversity.
It is a global threat to us all, the European Union included.
You are going to have many people to deal with.
Two different definitions of remote areas are proposed.
But ethics cannot just begin with our own species. Cloning animals is also reprehensible.
We have achieved a great deal of progress at European level.
We hope that it will continue to work on this.
The consequences of this explosion are unfortunately still being felt today.
That seemed to be the price they had to pay for a prosperous future.
Our society is entitled to the most effective protection possible against counterfeit medicines.
Farmers in mountain areas must therefore be sure of an adequate income.
The same is now required of the Council, which must act accordingly.
Kolima, the that demonstrated what the most barbaric political ideology is capable of doing.
These must be solved both at national level and through European cooperation.
Both periods gave rise to a good few problems.
I believe that the EU budget should now also be closely examined and questioned.
I sincerely hope for the greatest possible consensus on this report by Mr Mitchell.
The Commission is committed to doing so.
We must make sure its principles are upheld in all Member States.
The steel issue will be resolved eventually.
Insiders stress that the national government could do more about this.
What we need, however, are import rules.
We very much hope that the amendment will be withdrawn.'
As Mr Fayot said, we made a number of agreements about majority amendments.
At this rate, it is doubtful whether we shall meet our December deadline.
One final point regarding smart green growth.
The square root system gives too much clout to smaller states.
(FR) Madam President, in general, with time comes wisdom.
Laying long telecommunications cables is an expensive business.
But why are we trying to amend the United Nations Charter, Commissioner?
I would just like to return specifically to the question of electromagnetic fields.
I would like to thank the President-in-Office of the Council for his response.
We have a more demanding situation now.
The epidemic is spreading in parallel with malnutrition and the food crisis.
Question No 60 by (H-0142/01):
Now it is up to the Commission to translate these clear guidelines into action.
In addition, education plays an important role from a class point of view.
The Commission supports this precautionary approach towards the emissions of ultra-fine particulates.
When I look at the situation in Ireland today, one thing strikes me.
I will summarise them briefly.
Under EU legislation, passengers have a right to information and assistance from their airline.
The closing date for submissions was 12 April 2006.
They have taken it on board and they exercise it.
This directive also seeks to control the discharge of waste into our water systems.
We urgently need better coordination of economic policy.
Mr President, the European Parliament must be involved.
The plight of commercial vehicles is much more dramatic.
After that, however, an inverse logic is introduced in specific proposals.
What programmes are in fact available to these states?
Every time the opportunity arises to have a political Europe, we blow it!
There are no other areas where four agencies are working in parallel.
Thirdly, maintaining the cultural diversity of food within the European Union.
in writing. - Mrs Andrikienė's report is a step in the right direction.
As Mr Verhofstadt said, we need another way.
It makes you think and therefore it is even more valuable.
There can be no progressive 'European Constitution' of the imperialist EU of capital.
Measures to protect minors and human dignity are undoubtedly needed.
It is not the case that the current methods of legislation are poor.
The way in which OMC has been applied, however, reveals certain weaknesses.
(By a series of votes, Parliament adopted the thirteen legislative resolutions)
Mr Chountis, I am aware of your complaint, which I completely support.
Might you work towards a solution?
If we now include services I find this very positive.
These are not demands likely to bring the EU closer to the people.
We need to do that.
We need to do that.
It may help us to make progress, and not just by doling out money.
There is a challenge here for us.
We should also ask ourselves what exactly Bosnia is today.
It is high time that this game came to an end.
You want it to join.
The word 'constitution' appears 32 times in the first 16 articles.
EC-Serbia Stabilisation and Association Agreement.
I wish to ask a question regarding the agenda.
That is indeed a European added value, a major initiative.
This involves radical reform of toll and police management and tighter control measures.
There will no doubt be a pre-Fukushima and a post-Fukushima.
Secondly, the 1997 budget was intentionally conceived more tightly than previous budgets.
The code of conduct must become reality.
The report contains many fine proposals.
As a matter of principle, we of course endeavour to work at multilateral level.
The Committee on Civil Liberties and Internal Affairs requests this quite expressly.
May I warmly welcome you once again to the European Parliament.
Mr President, my voting buttons have malfunctioned.
Everyone recognises this failure in private.
That would be an excellent idea, Mr Newens.
But I reiterate that it is important for regulation to be smart.
In particular, it is becoming increasingly difficult to get a start in one's career.
A person's faith cannot be determined by the position of national or legal authorities.
This should happen at local level, where people live.
I have listened carefully to what was said about small businesses.
How can we get out of this?
They have lost the confidence of savers and investors alike.
The motion of censure has been forwarded to the Commission.
My conclusion is this: we all have a responsibility to promote this initiative.
The two institutions are hence allies pursuing the same goal.
Questions have been tabled by Members of this Parliament on what has been achieved.
The European Union can do some things.
Nevertheless, I believe that this report represents important progress.
In short, the key words are commitment and voluntarism.
For these measures must be coordinated, because they would then be significantly more effective.
About 50 Members have signed for this motion to be dealt with in Parliament.
Is there no solution at all?
These are the poles of the axis which defines a sustainable Europe.
I commend it to the Parliament.
I should like to ask the Commission what the situation is regarding those repayments.
It is one of the most important tasks ahead for my government.
That part is very important for us, including from a political point of view.
When allocating the portfolios you wanted to please Europe’s most conservative elements.
I would like to thank Commissioner Marcelino Oreja Aguirre.
We have, on legal advice, improved the comitology amendments.
The dual broadcasting system has proved itself.
The changes which we propose include three basic factors.
It is necessary because the CAP is still sexist.
(EL) Mr President, I welcome the Commissioner and the President-in-Office.
(The sitting was closed at 11.05 a.m.)
Mr President, allow me to make my points in bullet points.
There is also a duty of solidarity between EU Member States.
The amendments will be adopted.
Before, there was a preoccupation with developing separate European systems.
So, Hong Kong is and should remain one of our main Asian partners.
The Commission will do everything possible.
I am sure that the majority in this House will support us in this.
   I declare the session adjourned until 3 p.m.
Do we have a comprehensive plan to cover the next volcanic eruption?
The most important question in connection with this is naturally: what about the future?
That is not dialogue.
Mr Dell'Alba, do you want to speak in favour of the request?
Everybody was wondering whether Europe would be capable of doing as well.
(PL) Mr President, the Services Directive is not simply a legislative document about services.
Fine, we shall look into the matter, Mr Schlyter.
As we stated in our motion...
That will not happen in this House.
PNR systems have been evaluated by the authorities in each country.
We must treat Kosovo as the future EU member that it is.
In an endeavour to appease the invader, it objectively emboldens it.
Armed troops have kidnapped and beaten Zurab Tsetchoev, a human rights defender in Ingushetia.
All this is along the right lines.
Every new business: three new jobs in the European Union.
In conclusion, British Members like me are often against written constitutions.
Apart from having the Presidency, it is a particularly important case for Austria.
Sanctions must be well-targeted and affect the regime's representatives, not ordinary citizens.
It is technically possible to postpone this vote until April.
We are therefore in agreement on the basis.
In other words, these processes are quite normal; they are certainly not unusual.
I wholeheartedly support the amendments on on-board diagnostics and cold starts.
In the occupied territories the situation is tragic.
What is really important?
I welcome the report’s emphasis on both those aspects of our relations with India.
I want to thank the Commissioner for a very comprehensive answer.
Speeches alone will not suffice.
As well as biofuels, we should aim to develop public transport.
It produced a very impressive numerical report.
The Lukašenko regime responded to all opposition events by arresting the activists.
   . Mr Claeys, the two questions you have asked are very different ones.
Is this not a contradiction?
Is this not a contradiction?
Is this not a contradiction?
In 2008, the Commission established the EU Sport Forum.
You assume that people are there to serve the economy.
I have therefore voted against the proposal.
The second matter is the qualified majority in internal and legal policy.
Report: Dimitrakopoulos/Leinen (A5-0058/1999)
So I would like to reassure Mr Katiforis in this regard.
We regard the cuts that the Council has proposed as utterly unacceptable.
EU exports to Russia total EUR 65.6 billion.
That seems clear to me.
Moreover, EU support will certainly help to broaden people's horizons.
In the present century, democracies have not waged war with one another.
The document is very sound and strikes a fine balance.
That matter should and will be referred to the Conference of Presidents.
Precisely this defect can prove detrimental to the effectiveness of the Regulation.
The current system is not entirely to their disadvantage.
But we can also offer greater flexibility.
Please reply specifically to the question you are being asked.
China must adapt.
The question essentially concerns immigration from another civilisation and this benefits no one.
That could also be a possibility.
Should we revoke the customs union?
I do not agree with such a target for three reasons.
But now we want to see some results at last.
Everything must be done in close collaboration with the Italian authorities.
This has become only too clear since the war against Iraq.
Mr President, I welcome President Sarkozy to the European Parliament.
The sitting was suspended at 12.40 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m.
